# AerospaceAnalysis

Since I am currently working for UTC Aerospace Systems through QuEST Global, I thought it would be a good idea to have a project with the goal of helping predict aircraft part failure. My first thought is to use information from aviation-safety.net/database which has records of crashes from 1919-2018. This database also has features where you can access crashes based on other attributes, such as aircraft type, geography, causes, airlines, and airports. The data I am interested in will come from the Causes index. There can be several causes for a plane crash so the database breaks the Causes index up even further. Since I am only interested in causes involving machinery failure, I will use the AIRPLANE index. From here - https://aviation-safety.net/database/events/event.php?code=AC - I want to start scraping the data.

FIRST TASK: Figure out how to access every plane crash page
The links seem to represent a factor saying which part of the plane failed. Clicking through the links, I can see that all the pages have the form https://aviation-safety.net/database/dblist.php?Event=AC** where * just represent random uppercase letters. I could just go through and list all of the page names starting with 'AC' but I want to do better than that. (NOTE: though they all start with 'AC', some are 3 characters long, some are 4)
Not only am I going to have trouble accessing the list of plane crashes, but I am going to have to figure out how to access each link on that page. Even though the list is ordered by date of occurance, it doesn't seem like there is any particular pattern to the urls of each page. If there is a command that tells the program to press the 'Click to go back' button, I'll just use that I guess.
